README.md, before:

# i18n middleware

This Buffalo middleware enables i18n features in your app:

* User language detection from configurable sources
* Translation helper using locales bundles from github.com/nicksnyder/go-i18n
* Localized views

## Installation

This middleware is setup by default on a new Buffalo app:

### actions/app.go

```go
var app *buffalo.App

// T is used to provide translations
var T *i18n.Translator

// App is where all routes and middleware for buffalo
// should be defined. This is the nerve center of your
// application.
func App() *buffalo.App {
    if app == nil {
        // [...]

        // Setup and use translations:
        var err error
        if T, err = i18n.New(os.DirFS("locales"), "en"); err != nil {
            app.Stop(err)
        }
        
        app.Use(T.Middleware())
    }
    return app
}
```

Use `i18n.New` to create a new instance of the translation module, then add the middleware (`T.Middleware()`) to the app to enable its features.

See <https://gobuffalo.io/docs/localization> for further info about Buffalo translation features and configuration.

Commit message:

updated module dependencies and added deprecation message

README.md, after:

# i18n middleware

NOTE: v2.0.3 will be the last version of this module and it will be deprecated.
Use <https://github.com/gobuffalo/middleware> instead.

This Buffalo middleware enables i18n features in your app:

* User language detection from configurable sources
* Translation helper using locales bundles from github.com/nicksnyder/go-i18n
* Localized views

## Installation

This middleware is setup by default on a new Buffalo app:

### actions/app.go

```go
var app *buffalo.App

// T is used to provide translations
var T *i18n.Translator

// App is where all routes and middleware for buffalo
// should be defined. This is the nerve center of your
// application.
func App() *buffalo.App {
    if app == nil {
        // [...]

        // Setup and use translations:
        var err error
        if T, err = i18n.New(os.DirFS("locales"), "en"); err != nil {
            app.Stop(err)
        }
        
        app.Use(T.Middleware())
    }
    return app
}
```

Use `i18n.New` to create a new instance of the translation module, then add the middleware (`T.Middleware()`) to the app to enable its features.

See <https://gobuffalo.io/docs/localization> for further info about Buffalo translation features and configuration.
